morning our viewers and others this is
RV lady coming to you from patches by
28-foot crv um I hope your day is going
well sunny here which means you no more
pollen I am taking a little break it's
it's kind of early in the morning the
Sun's up though just not that early but
I was cruising through YouTube and
looking at my statistics or analytics I
guess is what they call it on YouTube
and it was pretty funny to see all the
countries where people have subscribed
to me so I thought I would you know read
off the list because hello world I just
you know you don't really have any idea
of how you reach with youtube I guess is
what I want to say so anyway yeah I'm
gonna read off the list okay the United
States of course Canada India united
kingdom pakistan australia netherlands
brazil bangladesh q night bangladesh
united arab emirates sri lanka New
Zealand Mexico saudi arabia malaysia
sweden kuwait Cambodia Nigeria where my
Nigeria singapore Russia Denmark turkey
Italy Norway no change pages Russia I
could have sworn I already said Russia
Romania ghana Finland Philippines Turkey
Greece
maruti kyo maru keas i don't know i'm
gonna look that one up because i have
never heard of that cambodia spain
tanzania nepal US Virgin Islands and
Nicaragua so with the exception of one I
know where everybody is and I just
thought that I was really interesting
that you know the far-reaching effects
of my channel and so I want to say hello
to the world hello how are you send me
some information um are you interested
in rving are you um you know just
interested in what weird old American
women do you know that's it I just
thought I'd you know throw that out
there because I thought it was
fascinating ok y'all take care have a
great day be brave and I'll talk to you
later bye